genre here rich gaspari nutrition with
heated tada yamagishi man he taught how
long have you been a pro bodybuilder now
you know how many years ten years ten
years it seems like yesterday because
you're a long way from where you started
what's coming up for 2015 I haven't seen
you on the radar we haven't heard people
just barely coming out charting out
their plans what's your plans my problem
is going to auto three weeks out and
Olympia not too sure I'm focusing on
this year okay so are you doing are you
back in the opener you do it to 12 well
you're both know people to 12 so there
are no past casa 212 yes I in the media
every last year ok so this yeah you're
right you're absolutely right they did
what are you gonna work on this year
trying to get in that victory circle
well Charles and Joseph arrow with two
porches walking on my physique so I
don't
nothing just whatever they say I do so
now your work with Charles and you work
with George are they both working on the
training aspect or is wondering
nutrition the other one do a training
George takes care of my nutrition and
the Charles takes it on my tray okay so
at this point in your career 10 years in
it's a lot easier to have it done this
way that's right so I have to poop guy
behind me so this party and a gas takes
care of me so I water is nothing yeah
are you living in California now are you
calling Las Vegas your home or office is
entirely more I spend more time in Las
Vegas but 12 weeks before show I crane
Venice he tatata living the dream I
remember this guy couldn't me speak
English now he's got two places to call
home he vacations in Vegas it comes out
here to work in Los Angeles editado
going to look for big things from you at
the Arnold Classic coming up in four
short weeks any any way people can get
ahold of you social media email web site
Instagram crazy boo
message me and i'll get back to all
right he tatata yamagishi we'll see him
in columbus ohio for aspiring nutrition
i'm sean rain busca development calm
you